I just watched a movie called pure rumba
and the movie is about these tribesmen
in the Amazon who nobody's seen nobody's
seen these amazon tribesmen and so these
two like these two white dudes go over
there and well what are they called
American Americans the two I guys go
over there and they wanted to see these
tribesmen that nobody has ever seen so
they go to the other tribesmen that
people normally hang out with and they
said hey we take us to these guys and
they said no way we don't even want to
see I'm we don't want to deal with them
they said just take us to as far as
you'll go and then we'll do the rest so
they go in they trek and their trekking
and trucking there's this imaginary
amazon line and they said this is where
we stopped in whatever language they did
and the guys went ok we'll we'll do the
rest so they went to the other side to
meet these people there's about 60
tribes people in that group nobody's
ever seen nobody not even other tribes
people so they they I don't know how
they did it but they became friends and
here's what's interesting nobody's ever
seen these people ever but they still do
what we all do they do a rain dance they
do this rain dance to try to get rain
like everybody else in other tribes even
though they've never seen people they're
going around going you know I they're
doing this thing in hopes of rain and it
sounds kind of silly that they're doing
a rain dance cuz you know in America we
don't do rain dances why don't we do
them here we have what we know that we
know that the weather doesn't work that
way right we know that the weather we
know that the system doesn't work that
way but here's the funny thing so
they're going around doing this the next
day didn't rain so they blamed the other
guy they're like you didn't do the rain
dance right so the next day he likes
sharpens up his like rain dance stick
and he's going around really hard today
so now he's like really doing it hard
and nothing's really happening again so
now they go to the two white dudes and
go you guys are the new guys you guys
always caused the right in right not to
happen so now they're going crap what do
we do now so now so they're like um so
the white dudes are like do it again do
it again so they're doing this
with them now and it worked the rain
started to happen right and so they're
going oh man that is we're so glad the
rain happen they know that the rain
dance had nothing to do with the ring
right but that's what they thought they
thought if they do some engineering that
you know eventually if this ring that's
in work get another stick it's going to
work better if you just knew the physics
behind it they don't really need to do
the rain dance anymore they didn't have
to do it a special way does that make
sense so far okay so what does it have
to do with you guys cuz none of you guys
doing rain dances right like when you're
in your car and you're stuck in traffic
can you go I gotta go I hate this thing
and you go then that that that and you
do this little rain dance while you're
driving thinking that the traffic is
gonna change but none you guys do that
alright man you guys do that or when you
go like this and go I hate my girlfriend
I hate my dad and you do this little
thing thinking that it's going to change
the events on the outside world it just
doesn't work that way and the funny
thing is like they do that over there
and we look at them and laugh but when
you have this understanding you guys are
going to start seeing the world a little
bit differently because now you guys are
going to start seeing people's rain
dances you guys are going to start to
laugh and the biggest thing I can tell
you right now I can give you i can give
you this stuff i can tell you all here
are six simple steps three steps to how
to have a more successful but i can give
you more engineering the problem is if
you're thinking about that engineering
is off its going to screw the whole
thing up anyway so again this is not a
knowledge base thing not trying to give
you guys knowledge i'm just giving you
guys some insights that's going to make
you knowledge a lot better that's going
to give you guys the understanding of
whatever you guys decide to do whatever
business you're in whatever relationship
you're in it's just going to make it a
little bit easier when you guys don't do
the rain dance